Well, as promised by the
release of this program if it came to
5 subscribers and the king of
productions
and a week but as it was fulfilled
then 80 reproductions were made
a little more and spend the 5 subscribers
then we will release the code of
this program the purposes are educational
so they see the application have a
example how batteries are used the list
and the double list according to solitary truth
this ends are educational and not what
I do in order for students to do
fraud code that they did
so how can you guys see here
I did a little fret this program a
Little mistake is suddenly easy
solve it but between him
the code relax that there is maybe you
I put a little more this one not like
You see, it hangs on this
image here that he breaks and I have not
cleaned again in the image or not the
updated the list list that I'm not going
to say what it is but when I give here
click here
rudy clay I know
the image is deleted by the pp of the list
I update then I am the only one who
he has truth he follows the program
functional says yes it wins
well do not lose it because there is no time
You can take the song in a letter when
want and decidedly do not change the
physical appearance
I leave it
and well, well
enjoy it and I would like to ask you
also why do they want someone
next video I was thinking about doing
a game tutorial maybe start
a game from scratch really and
again make this dynamic come
to so many subscribers and so many
reproductions release the code of
I play strings but I'm also going to do
a tutorial on how to make good games
then it is subscribe they are like us
we see the next video